Make `kedro viz` also do what `kedro viz run` does (#1790)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

- Fix a bug on metadata panel when preview data is unavailable. (#1794)
- Update Compatibility/Support Matrix in README. (#1774)

> - Make `kedro viz` also do what `kedro viz run` does. (#1790)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update CLI command to run Kedro-viz to support both `kedro viz run` and `kedro viz`. (#1790)
```
